### Added option to select how answer to question is saved in test interface and added new zoom settings for each Pages

There is two things to this release update:

#### Added Option to select how answer to question is saved in test interface:
1. From my (TheMoonVyy) experience and from others as well, the way answers are saved differs between the Real Exams and the Official Mock Tests.
2. In the **Official Mock Tests**, the answer to the current question is saved or updated **only when** you click on **Save & Next** or **Mark for Review & Next**.
3. In the **Real Exams**, however, the answer to the current question is saved or updated **whenever you change the question**. It doesn’t matter which button you used to move to another question.
4. So yes, ironically, the Official Mock Test whose purpose is to familiarize candidates with the interface **behaves differently** from the actual exam interface.
5. As we can't be sure about which one of them is "bug", you can choose which behaviour you want via **Save Questions Like Real Exams** setting under **Test Settings** in Test Interface, this setting has **Yes** and **No** as options.
6. Prior to **v1.30.0**, test interface was saving answers like how official mocks do (Save Questions Like Real Exams = No), now this by default have been changed to save like how real exams behave (Save Questions Like Real Exams = Yes).
- This is important to also let you know so that you can test it in real exam if needed and then know which behaviour is being used. If you do test it in real exam, if possible please let me know which behaviour is being used by contacting me on this project's github repo or on reddit (username is TheMoonV22).

#### Added a Page Zoom settings to control the zoom size of each page separately.
1. This setting can now be found under the settings which appears when you click on the setting (gear icon) button that is at the top-right corner of the Main Nav Bar.
2. This is being added especially for mobile users as they can then zoom out to use the website.
3. Also fixed touch related issues in **PDF Cropper** for touch screen devices, now the cropping line guide etc should work as intended (note that now on touch devices you can only scroll the pdf page being shown in pdf cropper by dragging the scrollbar).
4. The website is primarily designed for pc/laptop/desktop (i.e. big screens + mouse) users but still we are trying to make this website usable for mobile (i.e. small screen + touch) users too when it is possible. 
- Note that there currently is an issue which arises on devices with virtual (on-screen) keyboard (like in phones, tabs etc). The issue is when you use the increment or decrement buttons of a numeric input field it is also opening the virtual keyboard (so it is annoying). This is a bug present in the UI library the website is using so need to wait for them to fix it which might take few days.
